The biggest struggle that I had to overcome, to finally be a Chief in
the United States Military Reserve, to be a  Master's student at the
University of Southern California, I had to really fend for myself
for much of my life. I've had family that's taking care of me, I'm very
thankful for that. All the way up until I was eighteen. After I
turned eighteen, then I split from my father and I hadn't really seen
too much of my family after that. So, I had to support myself, my
own finances. Yeah, when I was eighteen, I had, like, forty dollars
in my pocket and I think I was working part time at McDonald's and,
you know, just a few bags of clothes at my feet and that's all I had
in the world, you know. I guess everything I had was, you now, a couple
of hundred dollars worth, maybe a hundred bucks worth, and that's
it. So, I had to get from that to somehow getting a job with a good
career that I could support myself and pay for my education eventually
on my own and many people are like that. When you're eighteen,
you know, you can get a job and you know, kind of support yourself
but throughout this whole entire time, even when I wasn't in the military,
I had to, you know, buy my own place, you know, support myself
with my rent, with my food and without any skills, it was really difficult,
I have to say. So, if you have a family that can support you
during those times, that you can always go back to them if you lose
your job, if you have to borrow the car, like little things like
that, I didn't have. So, getting past that was a big step for me, it
was a real challenge for me not having a family but eventually, I eventually
joined the military and from that point on, everything was
pretty much handed to you. So, they're my second family you could say,
and they took care of me.